Hi, guys.
Walker In this lecture, we're going to create the fields for each product.
That is the image, the prize, the name of the products and orders.
Not to do this document needs to go back to our previous code.
We all agreed that the models for the economy we were going to create in all our fields.
Right.
Okay.
So now what we can do is over this model directory, we can create a new fly and we can call this fly
clause.
Then this section wishes.
Dot, dot.
Then we can use control and B to make this white that the first step we're going to take is you are
going to create a class and you're going to call this class.
Close.
Okay.
Now, for the now retired generals or thick clothes, what's their future?
The products are going to be coming from near the fireplace.
For the now, we can just have some quick clothes products.
Okay.
Now, the first field we need is the name of the product, right?
We can just call this tie two.
Well, you can simply call your name or product name.
Or we can just go ahead and call this product's name.
Okay.
Great.
Now, this is a test.
So it is a type of string.
Right.
We can't allow the question of up to this.
That's.
We don't want it to be required, actually.
Okay.
Now, the less we need is.
The price.
You can go with this drink for now because it is the type of string for now.
So there's going to be a price.
Okay, then we need.
The image.
Right.
Okay.
Staying right is going to be you can call this image.
You are real.
Okay.
Add your question up to this.
Okay now what's up with the junior is struggling to generate his schools I to look before they need
to pass this item so the close quote structure so to do that they're going to say close.
Then your parenthesis over it is going to be this dust product name over.
This dirt cries over and this.
That's immaterial.
Okay.
Can I just try to cover on this?
Now we are going to generate.
Close.
So you're going to generate for the right.
Okay.
Not to do that but via.
Is static.
Then there's going to be lists.
List or close that clothes class.
Okay.
They're a little creative.
We will call generate.
You going to see this shirt?
They generate clothes.
Right.
They were able to pass out franchises and then this.
Okay.
Generate close.
Now we can return.
A list.
A list of quotes so that we can then call this clause.
So there's going to be quite a squad.
Close.
Okay, great.
Like I said, wants us to pass all this.
It wants us to pass the product name.
It wants us to pass the price.
And it also supplies the images.
All right.
So now, first of all, I'm just going to had.
It's a great day for the product name.
Just fix it straight.
Right.
So there's going to be.
There's going to be, you see.
For now.
We'll see.
Over.
Size, the canvas size and for the price we can.
We also made it this way.
A future is going to be a double.
Okay.
But now you can see.
You can use the backslash.
In other forces, Ebola.
Then you can see 77 to 39 I.
Okay.
For the images url.
It's going to be assets.
Slush.
They're just going to check if we have individual analysis.
Images.
Okay, we have there are over one.
The images are going to be available to you.
Okay.
There's going to be.
The images.
Then Flash.
What, Arriva?
One third P and G.
Right.
Okay.
And our kids got to be okay.
You can then use control, I guess, to save grades.
Now we have what products?
Right.
So what you can then do is we can.
Yes, we can.
Cofidis.
Right.
And test this.
The prize for this is going to be.
$89 and a set of zero one to use the arriver to.
And.
We're going to just call this.
They call this product.
Oh, see, Dash.
--.
Of our size.
Okay.
Great.
Right.
I did shoot a couple of.
It's a very good forward.
They're trying to get a good format.
Okay.
Grace is controlling this tape.
Although, yeah, we generated we we created the fields we need.
We need the product name.
We need the price, we need the image URL to be able to use this fields we just created, we pass it
on to the constructor, right?
So whenever I would call this close in any, in any of all the files to be able to fill to this fields,
that was the reason we have to pass it on to the constructor.
And over here we are generating a list of calls.
Right.
We are for the now we have just to close that is to super size on this price which is $70 to and the
assets that is the image.
And over here we have a w l products which is t shirt of a size and the price, which is 80 to $99 for
the image.
Right.
So for now, we have just two products and 40.
Now we are generating this item.
This product locally, right?
In the future, your products is going to come from our base and not from our.
Not from our model.
Secretary Rice is getting a call from the firebase.
We can then upload for that and it's going to be visible.
Just that this is going to be visible horizontally.
That's a sequence crew that is also subsequently visible at the fields.
So when you click on this fields, you're going to see varieties of lots of products.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See, you did this lecture.